the most important thing of this exercise
explains that back
you are going to pass as a lawyer
there are two ways to do it
there is a serious that can be the grip with the hands upwards down
hararé
Your opinion
you can leave aside side are the marks
with the separation of the ovens
I'm going to grab the bar, the most important thing is to take care of your sword
so
what I will go ocular contract the muscles of the lower back
and take booths the fish you have here
possibly it's a little bit down
of the leader to avoid that streak of so many
but that we can not modify
karim is a little bit back
the two feet are paid with the same separation of the shoulders
and you will go down with the weight
until forming a 90 degree angle in the vegas at the beginning you will feel a
little complicated is another to get that they had knees
it is formed 90 degrees and turn
the world will end until then you have completely doubts
sachsenring higgins and feel
who conquered the control of the muscles the author of the shots
very red valdano
three times in a row
one
trying to keep vertical
it's a way of doing it
applause
me for stealing with the grip
upside down with your hands
with the palms josé barros villalba here failed
and the separation of the legs is the same
but we are a little more open
tomasa and vote
the other fire
a hand in that position and not vice versa that is called the same network
Panama
but it's a matter of comfort
because if someone says that he feels he can lift a lot of weight
to put it carlos lara
is supposed to be in the field of design is a world
because the weightlifter on the floor
and you have to actually raise the weight of law in disuse raise from the
ground
with the height of the discs and lequi
it's a public test you go up one two three
is the one of his death
from the structural calculation
we will be like
You have to be a little bit higher
proceedings
the mayor